# digital-frameworks-hw
First Class Assignment 
Pramila Jayapal is the first Indian American woman to be a house representatives in the U. S. She represents the 7th District of Washington. 
Her main focus as a representative is income equality, access to education, the expansion of social security and Medicare, environment protection, advancement of immigration and civil and human rights for all. The congresswoman was born and raised in Chenia, India
At the young age of 16, Jayapal traveled to the U.S. for her undergraduate degree at Georgetown and later would receive her MBA from Northwestern University. She has worked as a financial analyst on Wall Street for PaineWebber along with working for a cardiac defibrillator company; covering the both in eastern part of Indiana and western area of Ohio. 
Just after September 11th, Jayapal began working as Executive director of Hate Free Zone or now known as OneAmerica. This nonprofit organization focused on the discrimination civil liberty abuse that many Muslim, Arabic, and South Asian citizens faced daily. Under her leadership, OneAmerica was able to sue the George W. Bush administration; focusing on deportation and the stopping of the Special Registration of Muslims and Arabs. OneAmerica also helped establish an Office of Immigrant and Refugee Affairs in Seattle. 
This allowed Seattle to be one of the first cities to ban the questioning of immigration status by law enforcement.   She has also spent her time working with international public health with the Program for Appropriate Technology in Heath or PATH. While at PATH, the congresswoman served as the director of Fun for Technology Transfer. 
After PATH, Jayapal became a Fellow of the Institute of Current World Affairs, where for two years she lived in villages and small towns in India. In 2000, Jayapal published her first book, Pilgrimage to India: A Woman Revisits Her Homeland. Jayapal was elected to Washington State Senate in 2014. 
